Hello! This folder is used to help read in, analyze, and visualize the sleep, IBI, and motion datasets created from the OURA wearable. In order to to run the program: 
1) ensure that you've downloaded everything, especially the packages folder, which will contain the necessary python files for you to import and use the proper functions 
2) read in the proper datasets; examples can be found within the Scripps Research Project Overview document in the writings folder 
For ease of use, simply utilize the Final Notebook to test the available functions. A description of each file/folder is as follows: 

FINAL NOTEBOOK: This is a jupyter notebook that organizes everything and allows you to test and see the methods that have been created. Currently it has preloaded datasets loaded onto the notebook, but any datasets of a similar format should work with the methods. ENSURE IMPORTS ARE WORKING PROPERLY! 

IBI_SLEEP_VISUALIZATIONS: this is a folder that contains some of the previous example visualizations created using the methods 

DATASETS: this is where you'd keep the datasets you're interested in analyzing in. There should be 3 datasets, one containing information about interbeat interval (IBI), one containing information about the OURA motion, and one containing information about sleep. To learn more, look through the writings folder 

PACKAGES: this folder contains the files for the packages used in the code. They should be imported properly in the final notebook

PYTHON_NOTEBOOK_WORKSHOPS: these were previous python notebooks used to help develop methods and create the final notebook; they can generally be ignored, unless you're interested in my work progress

WRITINGS: This contains the writings involved with this project, including a paper describing the project and what the datasets are and what the methods do, a research paper involved with talking about wearable technology and its impact on the health industry, and a pdf version of a presentation that had been done in front of an audience at Scripps Translational Institute. Feel free to look through this folder to learn more about the project process and about the data and methods. 